header	others	CURRICULUM VITAE
content	experience	UI/UX Developer with React JS Email:
content	others	Location: Hyderabad
meta	others	CAREER OBJECTIVE:
content	experience	Seeking a challenging and rewarding career to Information Technology. Would like to be a part of an Organization which gives me an opportunity to make use of my Technical skills and abilities to achieve the best.
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
content	experience	Having total 4.6 years of experience. 2 Years Worked as Associate Professor in Degree College.
content	experience	Having 2.6 Years of experience in UI/UX.
content	experience	Having experience in React JS to develop the SPA.
content	experience	Having experience in React JS components, Forms, Events, States, Props, Router and JavaScript ES6 concepts.
content	experience	Good Experience in Design the web pages by using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS and JavaScript.
content	experience	Experience with Bootstrap3, Bootstrap4 and JQuery.
content	education	Having good experience on Develop the application Logos, Icons, Gift vouchers and Images by using Adobe Photoshop CS6 and CorelDraw.
content	experience	Experience in writing Mobile Responsive.
content	experience	Good experience in hosting website.
content	experience	Experience in creating landing pages in digital marketing.
content	experience	Worked on XAMPP server.
content	experience	Flexible and able to work effectively in a team environment.
content	experience	Ability to learn new Technologies and tools quickly.
content	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILL SET:
content	knowledge	Technical : HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and React JS
content	knowledge	Libraries : React JS and JQuery
content	knowledge	Framework : Bootstrap3,4
content	knowledge	Front End Tools : Adobe Photoshop CS6, CorelDraw
content	knowledge	Operating System : Windows2007, Windows XP, Windows2000
content	education	ACADEMIC PROFILE:
content	education	Completed MCA in Rishi UBR PG College for Women in Osmania University, Hyderabad.
